Add documentation for `kibana:plugin_render_time` (#184206)
elastic/kibana: dev_docs/tutorials/performance/adding_custom_performance_metrics.mdx

All users who are opted in to report telemetry will start reporting event based telemetry as well.
The data is available to be analyzed on the production telemetry cluster.

# Report `kibana:plugin_render_time` metric event.

> The metric `kibana:plugin_render_time` measures the time from the start of navigation to the point at which the most meaningful component appears on the screen.

Reviewer: What we want is form the browser navigation start time. I am not sure if we are capturing that, If not we need to change the implementation.

> The metric `kibana:plugin_render_time` measures the time from the start of navigation to the point at which the most meaningful component appears on the screen.

Author: The performance mark `start::pageChange` is set on [route change](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/a4f468b97b7981170825c37371676be2696c7f68/x-pack/plugins/observability_solution/apm/public/components/routing/app_root/index.tsx#L74C19-L75C49) and the `kibana:plugin_render_time` is the duration between the `start::pageChange` and the `end::pageReady`.

<img width="1288" alt="Screenshot 2024-05-27 at 12 36 05" src="https://github.com/elastic/kibana/assets/3369346/c29a9dc4-57ee-4120-97e4-be02bd8889f9">

However, I've noticed that there are more than one markers for `start::pageChange` per route and the `performance.measure` gets the latest marker for `start::pageChange`. it seems to be due to re-render. 

https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/a4f468b97b7981170825c37371676be2696c7f68/packages/kbn-ebt-tools/src/performance_metrics/context/performance_context.tsx#L41

I believe I need to fix this.

> The metric `kibana:plugin_render_time` measures the time from the start of navigation to the point at which the most meaningful component appears on the screen.

Reviewer: There is other way to do this, Where you don't need to set marks on mount start/end. To truly measure based on the navigation time, we could do `performance.measure("render-time)"` this would get the metric between the Nav time and when the page is ready. 

Thanks for checking, it seems as you mentioned we need a followup to fix this.

> The metric `kibana:plugin_render_time` measures the time from the start of navigation to the point at which the most meaningful component appears on the screen.

Author: > we could do performance.measure("render-time)"

Where should we do the `performance.measure("render-time)` ? I think I missed this part

This metric helps assess the performance of web applications by indicating how quickly important content is rendered to the users . The definition of the "most meaningful component" varies across different pages, requiring custom instrumentation for each page to accurately measure it.

### How it works

> The `PerformanceContextProvider` utilizes the [browser's Performance API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Performance) to track and analyze the performance of page transitions within the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PerformanceContextProvider` utilizes the [browser's User Timing API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Performance_API/User_timing) to track and analyze the performance of page transitions within the app.
```

### Instrument your code to report `kibana:plugin_render_time` metric event

To instrument `kibana:plugin_render_time`, you need to use the `PerformanceContextProvider` at the root of your application after the `Router` and run the `onPageReady` function once the data for the most meaningful component is fetched. The meaningful data can be one or more elements or pieces of information that define the core content of the page.

#### Code Example

app.js

```
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import { PerformanceContextProvider } from '@kbn/ebt-tools';
import MyApp from './MyApp';

ReactDOM.render(
  <Router>
    <PerformanceContextProvider>
      <MyApp />
    </PerformanceContextProvider>,
  </Router>
  document.getElementById('root')
)

```

```
import React, { useEffect, useState } from 'react';
import { usePerformanceContext } from '@kbn/ebt-tools';

const MyApp = () => {
  const { onPageReady } = usePerformanceContext();
  const [data, setData] = useState(null);

  useEffect(() => {
    async function loadData() {
      const fetchedData = await fetchData();
      if (fetchedData.status === 'success') {
      setData(fetchedData);

>       // Call onPageReady once the meaningful data has been fetched

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // Call onPageReady once the meaningful data has rendered and visible to the user 
```
